hey
hello many people that watch my youtube
videos to speak it and we're going to do
an ice staff tutorial for you guys today
and the first step is getting a shovel
from either the starting room or
anywhere else in the map and now the
next step is getting a music disc in the
tank refueling station it is all this
tank refill you station is by generator
station too so it's pretty easy to find
and it's right here on this shelf right
here and now you're good now let's go
move into the next step the next step is
uh trying to make it snowy the snowy the
round will start getting snowy like
right here like before it wasn't all
snowy but now it's snowing this is very
crucial you need this and now the next
step is bit uh dig up these things and
then it will have staff parts in them
all these staff parts are in the little
bone piles and the bone piles are
randomized I'm just showing you where I
found them but these might not be in the
same place where you find your staff
mutters it's a part of some kind of
staff and now make sure that you check
behind the church because I always
forget that their staff parts here but
yeah so the next step is you're going to
need to go back to the excavation site
and find this little music player it is
right here this seems low and now you
need to find a music disc of via the
pack lunch and it's right here on top of
this little wheelbarrow thing and now
you need to set the music player on this
table and it will open up the main
change birth where you make your staffs
now I want to do is a pickup back the
music player and go behind the church
which is by generator station 6 and now
you want to do is go all the way down
this little tunnel thing and you'll see
this little table and you want to put
your music player on it and it will
build a door to the crazy place and I
didn't I didn't have any footage of it
building but because my friend got down
but it will build and this will happen
so just go through the little portal
thing and get the ice crystal which is
right here on this little podium and now
you just want to go back to the little
teleporter pad thing and hold X and a
little portal bowl we got billed to the
back of the church again youse got to
wait and I just want to go through it
and now you want to go back all the way
the excavation center and you want to
just go to the loop to the blue podium
and build the staff I will build in a
minute but I was seeing if other ppl
errors can build it but no you if you
have the crystal then you have to build
it so here you go and now I built the
staff and other people can take the
staff but I let my friend have it but if
you want to see some gameplay of the ice
staff it is it is right here and just
click on it and it will take you to a
video and if you like this video leave a
like and goodbye